br refactor (3): translate use cases, faq, increment br, monitor, batch create, and auto tune (#11379)
pingcap/docs: br/external-storage.md

When `credentials-file` is not specified, the migration tool will try to infer the credentials from the environment, in the following order:

1. Content of the file on the tool node at the path specified by the `$GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable
2. Content of the file on the tool node at `~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json`
3. When running in GCE or GAE, the credentials fetched from the metadata server.

### Azblob URL parameters

| URL parameter | Description |
|:----------|:-----|
| `account-name` | The account name of the storage |
| `account-key` | The access key|
| `access-tier` | Access tier of the uploaded objects (for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, `Archive`). If `access-tier` is not set (the value is empty), the value is `Hot` by default. |

To ensure that TiKV and BR use the same storage account, BR determines the value of `account-name`. That is, `send-credentials-to-tikv = true` is set by default. BR infers these keys from the environment in the following order:

1. If both `account-name` **and** `account-key` are specified, the key specified by this parameter is used.

> 2. If `account-key` is not specified, BR tries to read the related credentials from environment variables on the node of BR. BR reads `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` first. At the same time, BR allows TiKV to read these three environment variables from the respective nodes and access the variables using Azure AD (Azure Active Directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If `account-key` is not specified, br tries to read the related credentials from environment variables on the br node. br reads `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` first. At the same time, br allows TiKV to read these three environment variables from the respective nodes and access the variables using Azure AD (Azure Active Directory).
```

> 3. If the preceding three environment variables are not configured in the BR node, BR tries to read `$AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` using an access key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the preceding three environment variables are not configured in the br node, br tries to read `$AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` using an access key.
```

> **Note:**
>
> - When using Azure Blob Storage as the external storage, you should set `send-credentials-to-tikv = true` (which is set by default). Otherwise, the backup task will fail.
> - `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` respectively refer to the application ID `client_id`, the tenant ID `tenant_id`, and the client password `client_secret` of the Azure application. For details about how to confirm the presence of the three environment variables, or how to configure the environment variables as parameters, see [Configure environment variables](/br/backup-storage-azblob.md#configure-environment-variables).

## Command-line parameters

> In addition to the URL parameters, BR and Dumpling also support specifying these configurations using command-line parameters. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the URL parameters, br and Dumpling also support specifying these configurations using command-line parameters. For example:
```

+ Export data to Alibaba Cloud OSS using Dumpling:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    ./dumpling -h 127.0.0.1 -P 3306 -B mydb -F 256MiB \
       -o "s3://my-bucket/dumpling/" \
       --s3.endpoint="http://oss-cn-hangzhou-internal.aliyuncs.com" \
       --s3.provider="alibaba" \
       -r 200000 -F 256MiB
    ```

+ Back up data to Alibaba Cloud OSS using br command-line tool:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    ./br backup full --pd "127.0.0.1:2379" \
        --storage "s3://my-bucket/full/" \
        --s3.endpoint="http://oss-cn-hangzhou-internal.aliyuncs.com" \
        --s3.provider="alibaba" \
        --send-credentials-to-tikv=true \
        --ratelimit 128 \
        --log-file backuptable.log
    ```

+ Export data to Alibaba Cloud OSS using TiDB Lightning. You need to specify the following content in the YAML-formatted configuration file:

    {{< copyable "" >}}

    ```
    [mydumper]
    data-source-dir = "s3://my-bucket/dumpling/?endpoint=http://oss-cn-hangzhou-internal.aliyuncs.com&provider=alibaba"
    ```

### GCS command-line parameters

| Command-line parameter | Description |
|:----------|:------|

> | `--gcs.credentials-file` | The path of the JSON-formatted credential on the tool node |

Reviewer: To keep it consistent with L111
```suggestion
| `--gcs.credentials-file` | The path to the credentials JSON file on the tool node |
```

> | `--gcs.storage-class` | The storage type of the upload objects (for example, `STANDARD` or `COLDLINE`)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--gcs.storage-class` | The storage class of the upload objects (for example, `STANDARD` or `COLDLINE`)  |
```

> | `--gcs.predefined-acl` | The pre-defined ACL of the upload objects (for example, `private` or `project-private`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--gcs.predefined-acl` | Predefined ACL of the uploaded objects (for example, `private` or `project-private`) |
```
